- Hi and welcome back.
Here we've got the Classes
and Objects Coding Exercise
and this is getting more and more
complicated as time goes by,
but hopefully we'll be able to do it.
Now, if you have not looked into the
exercise prior to this video,
I would recommend you
go and check that out
and try do it and then we'll come back
and explain what happened.
This coding exercise has three steps.
First, it requires us to complete
an implementation of
three methods of a class.
The first one is the "_init_" method.
We should take one argument name
and it should initialise
self.name to be the argument
and self.items to be an empty list.
Let's start with that.
Let's not hold too much information
in our heads to begin with.
So, we're going to need
name as the argument.
We've got the _inti_
method which always has
self and then the name
as the other argument.
Then we're going to initialise self.name
to be the argument,
and self.items To be an empty list.
Self.name is going to be the argument name
and self.items is going
to be an empty list.
Whenever we create a store object,
it's going to have these
two properties in it.
Let's move on to the second instruction.
The add-item method, which
should append a dictionary
representing an items to
the store's items property.
The dictionary should
have keys, name and price.
Okay, so the comment down
here's a bit more succinct,
it tells us exactly what to do.
Create a dictionary with
the keys, name and price
and append that to the self.items.
Notice how the add-item
method has two arguments
other than self, name and price.
So, we're going to create a dictionary
with keys, name and price and I think
it's reasonable to assume
that this dictionary
is also going to use these two arguments.
So we're going to do
an item is a dictionary
with keys, name and that's
going to be something price,
and that's going to be something else.
And this is our dictionary
and has two keys, name and price
and the values are going
to be the argument values.
Now, this is not explicit in the exercise
because I want you to
start making assumptions
about the code you're seeing
and I think this is a
reasonable assumption to make.
So, we've got name, and that's
going to use the argument
and price and that's
going to use the argument.
What this means is that when
you call this add-item method,
you're going to pass in the name
and the price of the item you want to add,
and that's going to create the item
and add it to the store for you.
All you have to do, is not create an item
and give it to this method,
but just give it the values
that you want to add
to the store as items.
Naturally, we have to
make sure to add the item.
So, self.items.append(item)
That will append the item into self.items.
And that's it.
The stock_price method,
which is a third instruction here,
which should add up each item price inside
self.items to come up with
a total and return that.
Okay, so let's add up all
of the prices in self.items.
In a previous exercise, we looked at
how to do this in one way,
which was to create a total = 0 variable
and then iterate over
for item in self.items
iterate over all the items,
and say total += item(price)
and then return total.
This would totally work.
We start with zero, we go over each item,
we add to the total the price of the item,
then we return the total.
However, now that we've
looked at list comprehension,
there's a better way of doing it,
which is return sum(item.price)
for item in self.items.
This is substantially more concise
and as soon as you get
more to grips with Python,
if you haven't already,
I think this is actually more readable,
because you can very quickly see that
you're getting all the item prices,
and you're adding them all up.
Once again, to recap
what's happening here is
we're iterating over the items,
but we're only putting the item price
into our new list, which we're creating
with list comprehension.
When we have a list of item prices,
we're summing them all up
and we're returning that.
So, let's check the solution.
And there we have it,
the solution is correct.
So, we've learned a bit more
about how these objects work,
and I'll see you in the very next video.